README.md, before:

# UNYT Expense Tracker – Bora's ShinyJar Edition 💎

![ShinyJar Expense Tracker](streamlit_browser_version/logo.png)

Inspired by my UNYT Master Project: A Python/Streamlit app to track expenses for small businesses like my jewelry shop (ShinyJar on Insta/TikTok). Features budgets, alerts, reports, interactive charts, and exports.

## Quick Start
1. Clone: `git clone https://github.com/BoraMalaj/unyt_expense_tracker.git`
2. Install: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Run: `cd streamlit_browser_version && streamlit run streamlit_expense_tracker.py`
4. Demo Data: Run `cd streamlit_browser_version && python dummy_data_generator.py` for sample jewelry expenses/budgets.
5. Check the project in Streamlit Community area: https://boramalaj-unyt-expense-tracker.streamlit.app/

## Features
- Add/Edit/Delete expenses
- Budgets with overspend alerts
- Filters, sorts, advanced reports (totals, trends, top N)
- Visuals: Static (Seaborn) + Interactive (Plotly) charts
- Budget vs Actual comparison
- Export to Excel/PDF/Image

Check live in Streamlit Community Cloud area: https://boramalaj-unyt-expense-tracker.streamlit.app/
Built with love for real biz use – tracks gold buys, ads, more! 🚀

## Screenshots
(to be completed)

Questions? boramalaj0@gmail.com

Commit message:

Commit new business logo and new README.md file

README.md, after:

# UNYT Expense Tracker – Bora's ShinyJar Edition 💎

![ShinyJar Expense Tracker](streamlit_browser_version/logo.png)

Inspired by my UNYT Master Project: A Python/Streamlit app to track expenses for small businesses like my jewelry shop (ShinyJar on Insta/TikTok). Features budgets, alerts, reports, interactive charts, and exports.

## Quick Start
1. Clone: `git clone https://github.com/BoraMalaj/unyt_expense_tracker.git`
2. Install: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
3. Run: `cd streamlit_browser_version && streamlit run streamlit_expense_tracker.py`
4. Demo Data: Run `cd streamlit_browser_version && python dummy_data_generator.py` for sample jewelry expenses/budgets.
5. Check the project in Streamlit Community area: 
    - https://boramalaj-unyt-expense-tracker.streamlit.app/         (Version has no data, data needs to be added manually)
    - https://boramalaj-unyt-cloud-expense-tracker.streamlit.app/   (Version allows to upload dummy data in form of csv file - check csv format first!)

## Features
- Add/Edit/Delete expenses
- Budgets with overspend alerts
- Filters, sorts, advanced reports (totals, trends, top N)
- Visuals: Static (Seaborn) + Interactive (Plotly) charts
- Budget vs Actual comparison
- Export to Excel/PDF/Image

Check live in Streamlit Community Cloud area: https://boramalaj-unyt-expense-tracker.streamlit.app/
Built with love for real biz use – tracks gold buys, ads, more! 🚀

## Screenshots
(to be completed)

Questions? boramalaj0@gmail.com
